Select MPL instead of LGPL (#7991)
flutter/engine: tools/licenses/README.md

dart lib/main.dart --src ../../.. --out ../../../out/licenses --golden ../../ci/licenses_golden
```

Then, copy any affected files from `../../../out/licenses` to
`../../ci/licenses_golden` and add them to your change, and examine
the diffs to see what changed.

```
cp ../../../out/licenses/* ../../ci/licenses_golden
git diff
```

If the only changes are to what files are included, then you're good
to go. However, if any of the _licenses_ changed, whether new licenses

> are added, old ones removed, or any have their content changed in any

Reviewer: I would emphasize the "in any way" part.  E.g. people might assume whitespace changes don't constitute a "change".

Author: updated README for this and other general improvements

way, you must update the actual license file.

> ## IF ANYTHING SIGNIFICANT CHANGED, YOU MUST UPDATE THE ACTUAL LICENSE FILE AS WELL

Reviewer: What constitutes "significant"?  Best if that's not left open to interpretation.

Author: it's defined in the paragraph above :-)

Author: i removed this header to make it clearer

Reviewer: OK, I guess, but it still feels like leaving it open for interpretation. Maybe this?:
```suggestion
## IF ANY LICENSES CHANGED, YOU MUST UPDATE THE ACTUAL LICENSE FILE AS WELL
```
